Transforming my lifestyle through learning As long as I invest
time and effort there's nothing I can't learn in the
long run The more I learn the faster I'll grasp
new things Learning is not the end goal it's about
applying knowledge because value can only be realized through creation
I know I may appear clumsy now but everyone starts
that way With practice it becomes natural and improves naturally
It's normal for others not to understand my dedication to
learning I don't need their understanding because I am an
independent individual I shouldn't argue with others because I don't
want to hurt them and I shouldn't let them influence
me because I don't want to harm myself Deliberate practice
is always necessary even if it's uncomfortable as its compounding
effects are tremendous Even for the sake of future generations
I must become a learning expert through my current efforts
so I can grow alongside my children My journey is
still long I want to be healthy I want to
be clean especially in my mind I want it to
be clean